fix: cast XML config values for `Length` constraint to `int` to prevent type errors (#12435)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-09-10-fix-type-cast-system-config-validation.md

---
title: Fix type error when using named arguments in the Length validation constraint
author: Grzegorz Jan Rolka
author_email: grzegorz.rolka@pickware.de
author_github: @grzegorzrolka
---

# Core

> * Fixed a type error in `SystemConfigValidator` when creating `Length` constraint with named arguments. XML configuration values such as `<maxLength>10</maxLength>` were parsed as strings and passed directly to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed Shopware\Core\System\SystemConfig\Validation\SystemConfigValidator to fix unsupported argument type when creating `Length` constraint with named arguments.  XML configuration values such as `<maxLength>10</maxLength>` were parsed as strings and passed directly to `Symfony\Component\Validator\Constraints\Length::__construct()`, which now requires `int|null` for `min` and `max`.
```

to pass lint against changelog

Reviewer: @grzegorzrolka can you modify this so the ling job for changelog does not fail?

Or alternatively, can you enable the option "Allow edits from maintainers"  please?
